What other names does Salesianum go by?	Salesianum is also called Sallies.
What is the motto of Salesianum?	Salesianum's motto is a quote from Saint Francis de Sales: "Be who you are, and be that well."
Is Salesianum a good school?	Salesianum is an excellent school, providing many benefits over other institutions.
What's the average class size at Salesianum?	The average class at Salesianum contains about 18 students.
How many different courses does Salesianum offer?	Salesianum offers over 195 different courses for students to take.
Do students use electronic devices at Salesianum?	All students at Salesianum have an iPad, which is used to enable students to learn faster and better than before.
What's the student to iPad ratio at Salesianum?	The student-to-iPad ratio at Salesianum is 1:1.
How many AP courses does Salesianum offer?	Salesianum offers 25 different A.P. courses.
How many counselors does Salesianum have?	Salesianum has 7 counselors on-site at all times, ready to help students in all aspects of life.
How many state championships has Salesianum won?	Salesianum School has won nearly 200 state championships.
Does Salesianum have a stadium?	Abessinio Stadium is owned by Salesianum School, where a variety of the school's activities take place. Another stadium is also being built.
How many electives does Salesianum have?	Salesianum School has over 70 electives for students to take.
What is the student to faculty ratio at Salesianum?	The student-to-faculty ratio at Salesianum is 12:1.
Where is Salesianum located?	Salesianum is located at 1801 N Broom St, Wilmington, Delaware.
Does Salesianum offer summer programs?	Salesianum offers summer E.D.G.E. programs, which can allow students to opt out of classes during the school year, or advance to a higher phase of a class.
Can I get a tour of Salesianum?	You can register a personalized tour of Salesianum School through our website.
Does Salesianum have dogs on campus?	Salesianum has two dogs on-campus, Louie and Dewey, both of whom are Golden Doodles, which reduces any allergy concerns. They are both certified therapy dogs as well.
Is Salesianum a private school?	Salesianum is a private school oriented towards the Catholic Faith.
Is Salesianum a religious school?	Salesianum is primarially focused on Catholicism.
Is Salesianum a Catholic school?	Catholicism is a central part of Salesianum School.
Is Salesianum an all boys school?	Salesianum is an all-boys catholic school.
What is Salesianum's mission?	Salesianum's mission is to give its students opportunities to serve, learn, and grow into gentlemen.
What are oblates?	The Oblates of St. Francis de Sales was founded to advance the Gospel through the spirit and teaching of its patron saint.
Who runs Salesianum as administration?	Salesianum School is administrated by a group of Catholic priests, primarially the principal, Father Baretta.
Does Salesianum have Catholic mass?	Salesianum school holds a monthly mass that all students attend, as well as an optional service before school hours every morning.
When was Salesianum founded?	Salesianum School was founded in 1903, and has continued operation for over 120 years.
What is Salesianum's website?	The website for Salesianum School can be found at salesianum.org.
What is OnCampus?	OnCampus is the software that students and staff use to manage in-school activities, clubs, and classes. It allows students to easily track grades and assignments, as well as having tons of information about the school.
What are the hours of operation for Salesianum?	A standard school day at Salesianum runs from 8:30 - 3:00, but school doesn't start until 9:00 on Wednesdays.
What is Prep?	Prep takes place before classes start twice a week, and is a school-wide assembly to make announcements and occasionally have short activities.
What is Chapter?	Chapter is Salesianum's version of Homeroom, being a small group of students that meet before school twice a week. It's designed to help students get to know one another, bond, and have a chance to coordinate before the day's classes. A student remains in the same chapter throughout their entire four years at Sallies.
How does the house system work?	Freshmen at Salesianum are divided into one of eight houses. These houses compete in friendly competitions and earn "points" throughout the year, with a scoreboard. The house in first place gets several small benefits, (like leaving assemblies first), and a special reward at the end of the year.
What languages does Salesianum offer classes on?	Salesianum requires that each student takes at least 3 years of a single language. Salesianum has classes for Spanish, French, Mandarin, American Sign Language, and more.
What are the different class phases at Salesianum?	Salesianum's core classes are offered in the following phases (in ascending order): Foundations, College Prep (CP), Accelerated (AC), and Honors (HN). Some classes also have an AP version.
How does grading work at Salesianum?	Salesianum's grading scale is the same as any other school, on a range from 0% - 100%.
Does Salesianum offer accomidations for students with learning disabilities?	One of the core parts of Salesianum's mission is being inclusive; Salesianum offers many accomidations for students with physical and mental disabilities.
What sports does Salesianum offer?	Salesianum School offers a wide variety of sports, including Football, Soccer, Lacrosse, Cross Country, Track, Rugby, and Golf. This is not a complete list, and there are many more.
What clubs are available at Salesianum?	Salesianum has one hour in the middle of the day called Flex, where students have time to eat lunch and attend clubs. There are over 100 clubs, and students are encouraged to start a new one if they don't see one that they want.
Does Salesianum offer music programs?	Salesianum has a marching band as an extracurricular, as well as a band and chorus. In addition, there are several music-related electives, such as Piano and AP Music Theory.
Does Salesianum have theatre, drama or art classes?	Salesianum has several art-related classes, with one graduation requirement being that students must take at least one. These include Theatre, Improvisation, and Art I - III, to name a few.
What's the tuition fee at Salesianum?	The tuition fee is subject to change; Please check the school's website for that information.
Does Salesianum offer financial aid?	Salesianum is very flexible when it comes to financial aid, and is willing to provide for those in need.
Does Salesianum give scholarships?	Salesianum School gives out several scholarships to prospective students every year. These are based on things like academic performance.
How do I get into Salesianum?	To get admitted to Salesianum, you must take an entrance exam to gague your academic strengths and weaknesses. After that, students have the opportunity to take subsequent exams to test out of certain classes that they may have already taken in middle school (e.g. Algebra and Geometry).
Can I tets out of a class?	Students have the opportunity to take exams to test out of certain classes that they may have already taken in middle school (e.g. Algebra and Geometry).
Are there open house events at Salesianum?	Salesianum has several open-house events and tours that provide prospective students and parents with a better understanding of the school.
What are the dining options at Salesianum?	Salesianum's school lunch is made fresh daily by several chefs from CulinArt. The daily food options include Pizza, Chicken Fingers, Fries, and a Salad Bar. Additionally, there are other foods that rotate daily.
Does Salesianum have a library?	The library at Salesianum is a large, open space where students can unwind, study, and work on projects. It includes two private seminar rooms that students can reserve, for example if a group of students needed to work on a group project. It's open before and after school, as well as during the day at all times.
Does Salesianum have a gym?	Salesianum has a gym, as well as a two-story weightroom, on-campus. Physical Education classes use these facilities, as well as the tennis courts outside and the stadium down the street.
What classes do freshmen have to take?	Freshmen are required to take Catholic and Salesian Identity (a religion class), as well as Physical Education.
Are there opportunities for service at Salesianum?	Salesianum requires that all students complete a service requirement for each year. The requirement consists of a category (e.g. assisting the elderly) and a number of hours. There are several opportunities throughout the year to earn service hours through the school.
Does Salesianum offer National Honors Society membership?	Salesianum has a thriving National Honors Society, which is available for Juniors and Seniors to join.
Who are some of the notable alumni from Salesianum?	Some of the notable Alumni from Salesianum include Miguel Bezos (father of Jeff Bezos), Hugh T. Broomall (Air Force Major General), and Joe Campbell (Super Bowl Champion).
What is SalsThon?	SalsThon is an annual fundraiser that's done together with Salesianum's sister schools, Padua and Ursuline. It's an all-night event that includes things like a dance, movies, bouncehouses, and several other activities. SalsThon partners with a different non-profit organization each year, raising funds for them. SalsThon has raised nearly 2 million dollars over the years.
What's the dress code for Salesianum?	The dress code at Salesianum consists of khaki pants, a button-down shirt, a blazer, a tie, and dress shoes. Students are required to be clean-shaven, and have hair shorter than shoulder-length.